[mellow music]
♪ I feel the earth move under my feet ♪
♪ I feel the sky tumblin' down ♪
♪ I feel my heart start to tremblin' ♪
♪ Whenever you're around ♪
♪ Ooh, baby, when I see your face ♪
♪ Mellow as the month of May ♪
♪ Oh, darling ♪
♪ I can't stand it ♪
♪ When you look at me that way ♪
♪ I feel the earth move under my feet ♪
♪ I feel the sky tumblin' down ♪
♪ Tumblin' down ♪
♪ I feel my heart start to tremblin' ♪
♪ Whenever you're around ♪
♪ You're around ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[mellow music]
♪ What'd she do to get you off, uh-huh ♪
♪ Taking down her hair, like, oh my god ♪
♪ Taking off your shirt, I did that once ♪
♪ Or twice, uh ♪
♪ No, I know, and I'll fuck off ♪
♪ But I think I like her, she's so fun ♪
♪ Wait, I think I hate
her, I'm not that evolved ♪
♪ I'm sorry she's missing it ♪
♪ Sad, sad boy ♪
♪ Not my business ♪
♪ But I had to warn ya ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Bet you're thinking she's so cool ♪
♪ But I know what I know and
you're just another dude ♪
♪ Ooh, that's so true ♪
♪ Uh-hoh ♪
♪ Made it out alive,
but I think I lost it ♪
♪ Said that I was fine,
said it from my coffin ♪
♪ Remember how I died
when you started walking ♪
♪ That's my life, that's my life ♪
♪ I'll put up a fight,
taking out my earrings ♪
♪ Don't you know the vibe,
don't you know the feeling ♪
♪ You should spend the night,
catch me on your ceiling ♪
♪ That's your prize,
that's your prize, well ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Bet you're thinking she's so cool ♪
♪ Kicking back on your couch ♪
♪ Making eyes from across the room ♪
♪ Wait, I think I've been there too ♪
♪ Oh, ooh ♪
♪ You've got me thinking she's so cool ♪
♪ But I know what I know and
you're just another dude ♪
♪ Ooh, that's so true ♪
♪ Uh-hoh, o-o-o-oh ♪
♪ She's so cool ♪
♪ Kicking back on your couch ♪
♪ Making eyes from across the room ♪
♪ Ooh, that's so true ♪
♪ Uh-hoh, uh-hoh, oh ♪
[audience applauds and cheers]